>> Kyle Simpson: So your exercise three
is for you to make your own compose
utility and pipe utility that can take
any number of functions, not just two.
Think about, before you even write that
code, think about algorithmically,
what would that look like?
You could, for example,
solve that with a loop.
Where you have, you take your set of
functions, you make it into an array,
you loop over that array.
And each time you call a function,
you capture that output.
And then that becomes
the input to the next one.
That's one way to do it.
You could also do composition with
recursion if you're more familiar
with that.
If you're not familiar with recursion,
don't worry,
later in the course we are going to dig
into recursion in quiet a bit of detail.
But if you want to try your hand at
doing it with recursion, that's great.
If you like list operations which again,
we're going to get into
later in the course, but
if you already like list operations,
you might want to do it as a reduce.
So it's up to you, but I want you to take
some time to play around with implementing
a compose and a pipe.
And think about what algorithm you're
gonna use to do that before you write
that code.